Update histogram() documentation (#17974)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/nrql/nrql-syntax-clauses-functions.mdx

  <Collapser
    className="freq-link"
    id="func-histogram"
    title={<InlineCode>histogram(attribute[, width: n][, buckets: n][, start: n])</InlineCode>}
  >
    Use  the `histogram()` function to generate histograms, which are useful for
    visualizing the distribution of a dataset. It divides the dataset into a
    specified number of buckets and counts the number of data points that fall
    into each bucket.

>     #### Arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Arguments:
```

    * `attribute` The first argument is required and specifies the attribute for
      which to count values that fall within each histogram bucket range.
    * `width:` Inidicates the width of the sample range. The maximum value of the range is the `start` argument value plus this `width` value.
      * When using positional (non-labeled) arguments, `width` is the second argument.
      * _Default:_ 10
    * `buckets:` Total number of buckets (between 1 and 500, inclusive).
      * When using positional (non-labeled) arguments, `buckets` is the third argument.
      * _Default:_ 40
    * `start:` The beginning of the histogram range.
      * When using positional (non-labeled) arguments, `start` is the fourth argument.
      * _Default:_ 0

    #### First and last buckets include out of range values

>     Values that fall out side the defined histogram range are included in the

Reviewer 2: outside

    first or last buckets. The first bucket count will include items that
    precede the histogram range, and the last bucket count will include items

>     that succeed the histogram range. To exclude these values from the histogram results,

Reviewer 2: It would probably be clearer to say "are smaller than" and "are larger than" rather than precede & succeed.

>     include a filter to the query's where clause.

Reviewer 2: I'd say "add a filter to" or "include a filter in"

>     #### First and last buckets include out of range values
>     Values that fall outside the defined histogram range are included in the
>     first or last buckets. The first bucket count will include items that
>     are smaller than the histogram range, and the last bucket count will include items
>     that are larger than the histogram range. To exclude these values from the histogram results,
>     include a filter in the query's where clause.
>     (Example: `WHERE attribute >= [start] AND attribute <= [start + width]`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <Callout variant="note">
        Values that fall outside the defined histogram range are included in the
    first or last buckets. The first bucket count will include items that
    are smaller than the histogram range, and the last bucket count will include items
    that are larger than the histogram range. To exclude these values from the histogram results,
    include a filter in the query's where clause.
    (Example: `WHERE attribute >= [start] AND attribute <= [start + width]`)
    </Callout>
```

      <CollapserGroup>
        <Collapser
          id="histogram-response-times-defaults"
          title="Histogram of response times from PageView events"
        >
          This query results in a histogram of response times ranging up to 10 seconds over 40 buckets.

>           This means each bucket covers a 0.25 range of values. (10 / 40 = 0.25).

Reviewer 2: 0.25-second?

          Any duration values larger than 10 seconds are included in the last bucket.
          If duration could be less than zero, those values would be included in the first bucket.

          ```sql
          SELECT histogram(duration) FROM PageView SINCE 1 week ago
          ```
        </Collapser>
        <Collapser
          id="histogram-response-times"
          title="Histogram with a width: 5, buckets: 10"
        >

>           This query results in a histogram of response times ranging up to 5 seconds over 10 buckets.

Reviewer 2: These equivalent queries result in...

          ```sql
          SELECT histogram(duration, 5, 10) FROM PageView SINCE 1 week ago
          ```

          ```sql
          SELECT histogram(duration, width: 5, buckets: 10) FROM PageView SINCE 1 week ago
          ```
        </Collapser>
        <Collapser
          id="histogram-response-times-1to4"
          title="Histogram with width: 3, buckets: 3, start: 1"
        >

>           This query results in a histogram of response times ranging from 1 to 4 seconds over 3 buckets.

Reviewer 2: same
